## Requirements
### Tools
- Nodejs: version 24.11.1
- Docker: version 29.0.1

### Setup instructions
- Clone the repository to a folder
- Open terminal then change directory to the task manager cd /task-manager
- Run "docker compose up --build"
- Wait for it to finish then go to http://localhost:5000
- You could create a new user via /register or use an existing user (username: usertest, password: 1234567890)
- No need for a database setup since I used an online database.

### API documentation
#### User
- /user/login (POST)
  - This route logs user into the system using JWT token being saved in the http only cookie
- /user (POST)
  - Creates a new user or the registration route.
- /user (GET)
  - Returns user details used for display and for updating profile.
- /user (PUT)
  - Update user records
- /user/logout (DELETE)
  - Ends the user's session and deletes users http only cookies

#### Tasks
- /tasks (GET)
  - This route gets all the tasks from logged on user
- /tasks (POST)
  - Creates a new task
- /tasks/:id (PATCH)
  - Updates a task
- /tasks/:id (DELETE)
  - Deletes a task

### Notes
- password and username should be at least 8 characters long

### Assumptions or decisions made
- There were two tokens being generated by the backend, refresh token and access token. Refresh token expires after 1 day and access token in 5 minutes. When the access token expires, refresh token is going to be validated and if it still is, a new access token will be automatically generated.
- Initially, I thought of storing the access token in the local storage, but that would make it unsecured. So I decided to store it in cookies but setting it to http only hiding it completely from the client side. These cookies are destroyed after logging out making the current refresh token invalid.
